Updating high-level architecture documentation (#411)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/edge-book/welcome.adoc

* *Management*: This is the centralized part of SUSE Edge that is used to manage the provisioning and lifecycle of connected downstream clusters. The management cluster typically includes the following components:
  ** Multi-cluster management with <<components-rancher,Rancher Prime>>, enabling a common dashboard for downstream cluster onboarding and ongoing lifecycle management of infrastructure and applications, also providing comprehensive tenant isolation and `IDP` (Identity Provider) integrations, a large marketplace of third-party integrations and extensions, and a vendor-neutral API.
  ** Linux systems management with SUSE Manager, enabling automated Linux patch and configuration management of the underlying Linux operating system (* <<components-slmicro,SLE Micro>>) that runs on the downstream clusters. Note that while this component is containerized, it currently needs to run on a separate system to the rest of the management components, hence labelled as "Linux Management" in the diagram above.
  ** A dedicated <<components-upgrade-controller,Lifecycle Management>> controller that handles management cluster component upgrades to a given SUSE Edge release.

>   ** Remote system onboarding into Rancher Prime with <<components-elemental,Elemental>>, enabling late binding of connected edge nodes to desired Kubernetes and application deployment, e.g. via GitOps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** Remote system on-boarding into Rancher Prime with <<components-elemental,Elemental>>, enabling late binding of connected edge nodes to desired Kubernetes clusters and application deployment, e.g. via GitOps.
```

== SUSE Edge Stack Validation

All SUSE Edge releases comprise of tightly integrated and thorougly validated components that are versioned as one. As part of the continuous integration and stack validation efforts that not only test the integration between components but ensure that the system performs as expected under forced failure scenarios, the SUSE Edge team publishes all of the test runs and the results to the public. The results along with all input parameters can be found at https://ci.edge.suse.com[ci.edge.suse.com].

== Full Component List

The full list of components, along with a link to a high-level description of each and how it's used in SUSE Edge can be found below:

* <<components-rancher,Rancher>>
* <<components-rancher-dashboard-extensions,Rancher Dashboard Extensions>>

> * SUSE Manager

Author: Yes, for sure, we should.
